that's called the ultimate sting so go
check out his channel and also his
website the link will be in the
description box below so let's get right
into the trip now over my time as a
magician I've actually collected an
awful lot of cards
my favorite one of course being the
specialist now I use these aces to help
me out with it moves with magic and of
course with money always to make money I
mean the moves to participate senses
there's only one real things you can do
with the car and that's to mix them face
up and face down so in order to liven
things up a little bit we need to uh
split them into two packets of four
cards and then we can begin the magic
the magic is very simple all we do is we
give a spin we should be able to get
these cards to time face-up I think I
may have done there we go we've got the
first date to turn face up so now we've
only got one to go now for that one it's
really simple we just give another spin
and voila everything according a packet
is now face up so who these aces are
face out then what must needs be now of
course these are facedown
that's the magic part of it but now for
the mine now free knife you if you play
poker
that announcer always win need to make
sure that you always get yourself a
perfect royal flush in space that can't
be beaten by the way if you do play
poker beware because you may lose an
awful lot of money if you lose a lot of
awful lot of money you're gonna be
needing hello to credit powerful debts
and that's the trick guys thank you guys
so much watching that I'll see you next
time